[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down two most astir and movies together
my name is spooky today we're breaking
down the king of pics only about three
kids who are pigs I didn't want to find
out what I mean by that
stay tuned for the breakdown the movie
starts out with a dead woman with a slip
room supposedly killed by her husband
who's crying out in the bathroom next to
her husband hallucinating some pig boy
before he goes back to normal
then we cut to another guy John getting
scolded by his boss and after that John
thinks his girlish Sheen and he beats on
her little or he goes in a little temper
tantrum forgetting apart from kung mean
they got from the beginning junk and con
men have a little friends for a union
after 15 years did we get a flashback
back to winter - were in school
kung mingotts we we believed but neither
John or kung me do anything about it
seems like those bullies are a part of
the older kids after climbing gets outed
by not paying attention to their speech
the to bully him then they start
slapping him stop being a [ __ ] get up
and get your ass beat like a man this
world Sasuke Kim chul gets up to defend
climb in and that Kim Shore gets clocks
and clocks to bully over and over nap
nap time gay ass bully Jon goes back
home and we see his crybaby sister then
nice morning Jon Mesa with Kong Minh and
Kahn let him know that he's wearing some
girl pants
[ __ ] relented the bullies are their own
little social class in the school who
run things
next Joey gets bullied from wearing
girlish pants but Kim stands up for him
as well and freakin belt some of those
bullies they said to meet up with Kim
strollers little hangout and agree to be
friends Kim's shoulders actually a lot
like Sasuke and uses a knife to stab a
cat to death next was the cat screaming
in pain Jon staffs a cat as will come in
[ __ ] out gracefully and we learned a
little more about Kim like the fact that
his father abandoned him and his mom
there's some dirty work just to sustain
cook man comes back and Stan's the cat
on the ground
the next day Kong made a joke have an
argument about shows chaotic nature John
feels betrayed I guess and leaves next a
new kid at the school has some balls
against the bullies as well Tong memory
fridge the new student Chan and gives
him some meat neck
chan gets a tummy ache from that meat it
starts doo-dooing but the bullies come
in after peeing in a bucket
they throw piss on him Chan has a
breakdown gets a weapon but he gets
agent 47 the to the ground next chan
completely submissive to the bullies
after getting bullied some more hyung
min stands up for himself but Kim comes
back and beats the bully up he gets
punished for it but then after Kim gets
into a Throwdown with all the bullies
and next the king of pigs stands tall
the bullies get beat up by the
higher-ups and they are told to bring
the pigs up to the roof Kim show gets
lit away about a teacher where he has to
leave for some family emergency
the bullies mess with kung men in Jung
while Kim is near tides and fire his
father's body con men confesses that Kim
forces them to be under him then Kim
goes for Kong to roof where the bully's
awaiting after Kim runs away from his
father's body they try to team up on Kim
but he goes Arkham City on the ass but
then they get a hold of him and he grabs
his life to threaten them but he gets
found out and he spelled him sure things
killing himself is the way to get the
bullies to stop then the next days Chan
talked to John about ignoring the
bullies and next after walking home with
Kung Min Jung doesn't go to Kim's house
like they said they would but he does
catch his sister taking Walkmans from a
shot John get his little thief sister
argue about being in poverty they comes
back to the prison where hung min drags
Jung to the old house where Cho lived
next back in the past the trio get high
and Jong hallucinate seeing that their
cat before he gets ripped apart by Kim
who becomes a monster that was Kim's
whole deal was to become a monster in
his movie we see that Kim's mom works at
the whorehouse he goes to kill her since
she's always so depressed but he sees
her crying outside and then he sees the
manager slapper he's about to knife the
manager but didn't come in he comes up
and the manager he come instead the
intial runs away next after getting
bullied some more John stands up for
himself but he doesn't get a beat-down
like usual the next day during a speech
stands up on a roof and jumps off
killing himself back in the present the
to visit the old school roof and after
an argument hung reveals that show
actually didn't want to die and that
Kong was supposed to shout so Cheol
wouldn't jump I didn't seen that really
John pushed sure Jung goes crazy and
starts attacking Kong we see the real
monster was in fact Jung as he was
driven crazy by the bullies and
everything else I guess we learned that
come in as a failure and at fifteen
years later nothing's really changed for
them the Jang leaves come in after come
in breaks down on a roof and next while
John's on the ground come in jumps off
that roof just like him did the movie
ends with John calling his girlfriend
back after countlessly hanging up on her
throughout the whole little reunion this
movie was just a big upsetting gripping
I don't even know what to say let's go
to that spooky stuff so we can talk
about some more stuff right I don't know
how long this video is gonna be but um
this is a pretty good little anime movie
if you want you could just watch it on
some sites or something where you can
buy yourself anyway the mostess third
moment I would say goes to Kim jumping
off that roof I know he didn't actually
jump off but it was still pretty hard to
see I don't think Kim needed to do that
the most enjoyment goes to when Kim was
fighting the hell out of those bullies
anyway I was spooky it's been a
breakdown thanks for watching my
breakdown on the king of Peaks with some
last little anime movie make sure you
guys check out my other videos so next
week we got a lot of stuff so make sure
you subscribe if you haven't anyways
spooky out